Hey, everyone.
Edie, hop to it.
Oh, everybody, I'm trying this
new thing where I leave my car
running so I don't get caught up
in all your mishegas, so...
VANESSA:
Edie, you'll spend the day
with Jimmy so we can build
your new bedroom set!
All right, come on,
pork chop, let's go. (whistles)
Oh. Uh, can we talk about
where you're taking Edie?
Gerald, I just told you
about the running car thing.
I was hoping
you could maybe take her
to the Pasadena Museum
of Science & Technology?
(car key remote beeps)
He's obsessed with having her
around smart stuff all the time.
It's like, come on.
Let her just be a kid.
Sometimes a baby just wants
to watch Bachelor in Paradise.
Oh, what about that Josh, huh?
He's trouble. (laughs)
I don't watch the show.
I... I just am guessing.
JIMMY:
All right, Edie,
I'll take you to the museum.
I'll teach you some
really important things
like how to get through
a boring museum in a half hour.
You start at the gift shop,
then go straight to the exit.
(blows raspberry)
Come on.
Here, I'm gonna put
these on your hand.
There you go.
Now I'll hold on to you
so you don't float away.
And then I'll hold on to this
trash can just in case. See?
Yeah.
All right, should
we try it? Ready?
Should I let go?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Should I let go of this?
Yeah.
There we go.
You didn't float away.
Now you tell your dad you
learned something about science.
It's called gravity.
I don't want to bother you,
but my name is Leslie,
and I'm a modeling
scout from Apex Models.
Oh. Thank you.
I'm very flattered.
Hair or skin?
(laughs) I was actually
interested in this little lady.
Oh. Uh, this is
my granddaughter Edie.
Say hi, Edie.
Hi, Edie.
Oh, you don't say "Edie."
You say... What's your name?
Leslie.
Say, "Hi, Leslie."
Hi, Leslie.
Hi, sweetheart.
Has she modeled before?
JIMMY: No, but she has
expressed interest.
She's very comfortable
with her body.
She's naked
most of the day.
Well, here you go.
This Thursday, we are
having an audition
for a new toddler food campaign,
and you should bring her by.
Bye, sweetie.
You hear that, Edie?
You're gonna be a model.
Your life is gonna be
so much better now.
♪ ♪
Hey, everybody.
I've got exciting news.
We don't have to pay
for parking at work?
Stop trying to guess. No.
Edie here is gonna be a model!
Edie!
That is awesome.
Congrats. (laughs)
Um, you're welcome.
Whatever.
Come here, boss. I actually got
some great news for you, too.
You know Jess,
our new prep cook?
She's got a little crush.
Well, tell her
I'm flattered,
but I date nothing but
sous chefs and above.
No, no, she likes Annelise.
Yeah.
I wonder what that
says about me.
RAVI: You know,
this is really gonna
spice things up
around here,
'cause this place
has been boring.
Most interesting thing
that happened here
was when that bread
shipment was late.
Yeah, what was that?
It was, like, a half hour late.
We do okay here. Victor,
what about that, uh,
oven technician
you were dating?
Ah. Agnieska was only
dating me for a green card.
Then she found out I
don't have a green card.
I don't want to hear that.
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la. ♪
Annelise? Annelise? Hey!
Hey, so any, uh, ladies
in your life lately?
This conversation
is not happening.
I told you
I don't mix work and pleasure.
Why not? I tell
you everything.
Every time I sleep
with a new girl,
you're the first
person I text.
Annelise, this girl
is perfect for you.
Because she likes me
and she's gay?
I can tell the answer
for that is supposed to be no.
Gonna take five.
Wow. She's actually
pretty good-looking.
You were trying to set us
up before you knew that?
All right, come on. This
is not a dating service.
Get back to
work, everyone.
If you do hook up
with her, text me.
Oh.
Again!
No, no, no,
no, no, no.
You're a model now.
No crème brûlee for you.
CJ, chop her up
some celery, huh?
Yeah. Ah.
Ugh. Whoa. Now I know why
they call them museum legs.
How was it?
Oh, it was great.
It was so...
interactive.
Did she play
with the reactor?
Oh, she loved it, yeah, yeah.
She got inside,
and she spun around,
and she felt the...
static, and...
(sighs)
I didn't go. I wanted to go.
I did, but something
amazing happened.
Something that's gonna change
all of our lives forever.
You bought us a new house?
you're waiting
for me to do?
No. A modeling scout
discovered Edie
and wants her to audition
for a big ad campaign.
Well, it's too bad
modeling is just such a
wasteland of a career path.
Otherwise, it could be fun.
It's a nice compliment though.
Vanessa, can Edie model?
I'm with Gerald. No way.
Sara, can Edie model?
I agree with them.
I don't think
it's a good idea.
Aah!
When I was little,
my mom would enter me
in the Princess Blueberry
pageant every year.
I still get chills
thinking about it.
I once saw a mom
bite another mom in the face.
GERALD:
I can't believe you want
your granddaughter
to be a model.
Am I missing something here?
When did modeling
become a negative?
Huh? Edie is pretty,
and they want
to give her money for it.
Why would you stand
in the way of that?
Did anyone try
to stop Neil Armstrong
from going into space?
Did they try to stop Martin
Luther King Jr. from bringing
racial equality to this great
country that I call America?
Yes. A lot of people
tried to stop him.
You should really
see Selma.
Aah.
Jimmy? Jimmy, wait!
Make just like we're fighting
in case Gerald's watching.
I'm on your side.
Let's do this.
you'd go behind Gerald... you
would go behind Gerald's back,
and-and we'll take her
to the audition?
I'm so down,
I'm underground.
Great!
Ow!
I had to sell it.
He's not even watching.
(laughs)
Let's do it.
(mock laughs)
Hey, we're doing the right thing
here, aren't we?
Of course. Who has
better judgment than us?
That's a really smart point.
I have good ideas all the time,
and Sara and Gerald
shoot 'em down.
Before you came along,
this whole modeling thing
would have been dead
in the water.
Well, I say it a lot,
but thank God I'm here.
(gasps) Ooh!
That's the
Scoochers Diapers baby.
She's in everything.
Yeah.
Oh, she's got, like, a
Steve Buscemi thing going.
Maybe she's, like,
a character model.
WOMAN:
Puff it out, suck it in.
Then we smile.
You see that? You don't
want to be like that, okay?
You got to act like
you don't care.
What do Kate Moss, Janice,
uh, Naomi have in common?
They've all been on a boat?
No. No. They-they
have attitude.
They don't care.
I don't care.
Like, uh,
who cares?
Edie Kingsley?
One sec, Les.
Edie, do you even want
to do this thing?
Mm.
Edie, do you want to be
the face of Fuzzy Fruit?
JIMMY: Oh, she doesn't
want to model.
She-she has to model.
It's what she does.
All right, kid.
Edie, be-be careful.
(laughs)
(whispers):
I like her.
Uh, we don't usually do this,
but we have seen
a hundred kids today,
and, well, we love Edie.
She's our girl!
Here's all the info
for tomorrow.
I'm so excited!
VANESSA:
Oh, really?
(chuckles): 'Cause I'm just
whatever about it.
Yeah. It's... it's
a major modeling gig.
(scoffs)
Thanks a mil.
Peace.
(chuckles)
(both scream, laugh)
Edie, you were awesome!
Oh, my God.
What are we gonna tell Gerald?
Nothing. He's never
gonna see a print ad
in Natural Mother
magazine.
True. He stopped
reading magazines
'cause they're bad
for trees.
Weirdo.
You just got to laugh.
Hey. Hey, hey.
Taste this.
Ugh! What is that?
It's my patented love potion.
It's an aphrodisiac in a glass.
It tastes like you put
a bunch of oysters in a blender.
Yeah, that's exactly
what I just said.
(laughs)
Is it working?
Ugh.
Sorry about all this.
It's so awkward.
Yeah, that's why I like the
workplace to just be for work.
But, on the other
hand, you know,
I'm glad that you know, 'cause
I would feel like a tool
if I didn't at least try.
Which I guess I'm
doing right now.
Badly.
Okay, fine.
Here's the deal.
I'm not looking
for anything serious.
Work comes first, always.
And I definitely don't do drama.
Ditto.
Give me your phone.
Ooh, the love potion
strikes again.
It's getting sexier
in here already.
(sighs):
Ah.
I can't tell if I'm
hornier or just as horny.
Time for the
photo shoot. Ooh.
Who wants to be a star?
I don't care.
No, no, we're done with
the "don't care" thing.
Now...
Now all you do is care.
Right?
You attitude concerns me.
I don't care.
Crap.
Hey, uh, you're home early.
(chuckles)
Nice to see you, too.
Uh, since when do you two
hang out together so much?
Oh, my God, are you two...
Ew, no.
Why "ew"?
You'd have a good time.
No, we're just, uh,
we're honoring Gerald's wishes
to surround Edie
with some culture.
There's a lecture on art,
uh, at the cultural... uh...
(engine starts)
...emporium.
Bye, Grandma.
(crying)
Come on Edie, smile.
Come on, just do it.
She did it.
Did you get that?
No? Okay,
that's on you.
(mouths)
(crying)
I'd be crying too if I was
forced to eat that garbage.
But it's not that bad.
(grunts)
No, no!
Puff it out, suck it in.
Puff it out, and smile.
(screaming)
It's okay, it's okay.
MAN:
You're in the shot.
I'm sorry, Ethan.
We should've just
gone with the Scoochers Baby.
Even though
she's a little bit...
Unbelievable.
(gasps)
How did you find us?
I found this printout
with all the info
on my kitchen counter.
Oh, you're good.
sleeping together. Honey.
I'm so sorry, sweetie,
about these two.
I guess I can
make that work.
Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry,
would you ever consider
being the mom
in this photo shoot?
Really?
Have you ever modeled before?
a bit of a pageant queen.
Sixth place,
Princess Blueberry...
Yeah, that's good.
Let's go.
(chuckles)
Vanessa? Edie?
Love that. Feel it. Look here.
Look at the bunny rabbit,
both of you.
Both of you.
Teeth.
Give me coy.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, perfect.
Glow. I need you
to glow for me.
You're making this
look easy.
Oh, no, Gerald's trying
to video chat me. What do I do?
Tell him you're in the park.
But I'm not at the park.
What am I...
(gasps)
Oh. (chuckles)
I'll just pretend that's real.
Okay, okay.
Hey, G.
Hey, where are you guys?
We're at the park, man.
Open your eyes.
Uh...
Looks like there's a storm.
Got to go, bye.
But, uh...
(kissing)
Oh, I hope didn't
improvise too much.
You can always reel
me in, but, no,
I will go there.
All right, take it easy, Iman.
So when will Edie's ad
be in the magazine?
Next month.
But the billboard
goes up tomorrow.
Billboard?
What billboard?
The one on Sunset.
I bet your daddy
is gonna be so proud.
Oh, God, is her daddy dead?
I keep doing that.
This sucks. Gerald's gonna
see the billboard.
He takes Sunset on his way
to the community garden.
I can't believe you two idiots
roped me into this.
Please. You were practically
unbuttoning your shirt
for that photographer.
Well, the vibe
he created on set
makes you really willing
to go there, you know?
Okay, This is what
we're gonna do.
We are going to convince Gerald
that modeling
is good for Edie.
There must be
a study somewhere
that it helps with posture
or some crap.
But we already
did the photo shoot.
And the billboard's up tomorrow.
We can just say
that Edie got the gig
after he gave us his blessing.
That's the dopiest idea
I've ever heard.
Let's try it.
And wash off all that makeup
before you see Gerald.
Oh, but I won't remember
how they did it.
I got you.
Oh.
"Good things about
being a baby model."
Nothing?
Maybe I didn't ask it right.
Full house tonight, everyone.
Get off your butts.
Didn't you go out with Jess
last night? How was it?
It was good.
Tell us more.
(laughs):
Ooh, yeah!
Oh. I don't know why
I got that happy.
So you think
she's definitely not into me?
Nope.
So what else
can you tell us?
Nothing. This isn't
your personal soap opera.
I already said too much,
and Jess is gonna be here soon.
No, she actually
called in sick.
Really?
Hmm.
All right, everyone,
back to work.
She called in sick?
Really? She didn't seem sick
when I saw her.
I don't know, she just
said she was sick.
Hmm. Hmm.
Who talked to her?
Did she sound sick?
Do you think
she's avoiding me?
Annelise, are you okay?
At the end of the night,
I teased her a little
about her duct tape wallet.
Do you think I offended her?
Why did I say that?
I should text her
that I like her wallet, right?
Mm-mm. No.
because of some light teasing
on an otherwise amazing date?
What an oversensitive bitch!
Ugh! I hate drama!
Sexy has gone in new direction.
And I am loving it.
(quietly):
Sara? Sara.
Uh, wow,
has anyone noticed
that pretty girl in the bar?
She seems very happy.
Maybe she's a model.
You know,
speaking of models,
remember when we were
talking about Edie modeling?
SARA:
Uh-huh.
It could be a good idea.
Funny you should
say that, Vanessa.
I was listening to NPR today,
and apparently there's
a new study out that proves
praising a girl's
physical appearance actually
improves her self-esteem
and therefore
adult earning potential.
Yeah, I heard that-that same
show. It was a 3:00 show, right?
Yes, that's
the very show.
if I've said it once, I've
said it a million times:
any new experience is a good
experience for a child.
Yup.
What's going on?
Why are we talking
about modeling?
Oh, please don't tell me
you called that modeling agent
that-that asked about Edie.
Mom? Dad?
No.
Vanessa?
You really want
to lie to me?
'Cause I would never lie to you.
I would never break
this amazing trust
we have between us.
Oh, my God!
We took Edie on an audition.
But the good news is
that she booked it
and she's on a huge billboard
with your mom.
Yay!
Mom.
Behind my back?
I was not part
of the initial plan,
and I tried very hard
to stop it.
But then I was roped in
through vanity.
You know, it's one thing
for you to ignore me
when I ask you to take
her to the science fair
or-or the museum.
That I can handle.
But this is too far.
Why is this
such a big deal?
Because I don't want Edie
to feel judged by her looks.
You know, I-I grew up chubby
and I was made to feel like
a loser because of it, right?
You know, I never got picked
for any sports teams,
and I didn't have a date
to the dance,
and in-in the school play,
I was cast as Shrub Number Four
because they said
it fit my body type.
You should've been Shrub Number
One, 'cause that kid sucked.
Yeah. And that was
as a guy, okay?
It's gonna be way harder
for Edie not to feel like
her entire self-worth
is just wrapped up
in what everyone else thinks.
Gerald, I know you had
a hard time as a kid,
but that doesn't mean Edie will.
I mean, sure, there's
winners and losers, but...
Edie's a winner.
What are you trying to say?
What was I?
Well, you weren't saying
that you were...
What was the point
of the Tree Number Four story?
Just show me Edie's billboard,
all right?
Let's go.
Oh, no.
Jess has been M.I.A.
for two days.
Think, people. Be part of
the solution, not the problem.
I don't know. Uh, I think
if Jess says she's sick,
she must be sick.
Oh, because lying doesn't exist?
Go back to work. You're useless.
What you got
for me, Cindy?
Well, I called her
a little while ago,
and she sounded
sick to me.
You called her?
Why did you hide that from me?
Is something going on
between you two?
No.
Are you bisexual?
Yes.
Is this what you wanted?
It's riding the line between
interesting and terrifying.
Okay, you know what, I didn't
want it to come to this,
but who thinks
I should send her flowers?
No one?
OTHERS:
Mm-mm.
Okay.
Hi. This is Annelise.
Mm-hmm. I need to cancel
a delivery of flowers.
Well, call the driver
and tell him to turn around!
SARA:
What the hell?
They edited my face
into another face!
It's not about you
right now.
If I'm being honest...
I love this.
My baby's a model!
Aw. So cute. I mean,
I always think she's cute,
but she's even cuter
ten feet tall.
All the more cheek to pinch.
Oh, God, I sound so shallow.
I sound like Jimmy.
Oh. N-No offense, Jimmy.
My body looks nice.
GERALD: I mean, you know,
I guess if Edie had fun,
we can do it
a little longer, right?
Good, 'cause we already said yes
to an audition tomorrow
for Whammy Jammy
pajamas.
Gerald, welcome
to the shallow end.
Hey.
Look, I'm-I'm
really sorry, okay?
Clearly, I started
something I shouldn't have.
It's fine. I'm fine.
Good. Where you going?
Just going to...
Jimmy's restaurant.
Damn it.
Guys, get in the car!
She's doing something crazy!
CJ:
Come on, let's go!
(engine starts)
Where are we going?
Jess's house, to see
if she's really sick.
Time to call that girl
on what she really is:
pot-stirring drama queen.
VICTOR:
Ooh, I love road trips!
Ooh, put on Adele.
I feel like this is my fault.
I wanted things sexy
and dramatic, and
it worked out perfectly, so...
I guess I'm pretty proud
of myself.
Nope, not your fault.
This is just who I
am in relationships.
Annelise, you are better
than this.
Yeah. You should be confident.
You're smart,
you're hardworking.
And... funny.
You're the complete package, so
why are you acting so insecure?
(engine stops)
I don't know what the
hell is wrong with me.
Let's unpack it.
Well,
I came out of the closet
kind of late in life.
And then I went back in
for a couple of years.
Mm-hmm.
But then Jimmy hired me,
and that took over my life.
I haven't had time to date.
Yeah. So you don't have
much experience.
But you'll get the hang of it.
I never did.
But you, you-you might.
Yeah. You just need
to take it slow.
That's why I always have
at least three lovers
at one given time.
So many lovers and
no room for Victor?
Yeah. You guys are right.
I just need to chill.
Yeah.
Sounds like we don't need
to go to Jess's house, huh?
We're already here.
VICTOR:
Wow, she has
a great commute.
Let's get out of here.
Thanks, guys.
(door opens)
Uh-oh.
You lying slut!
I bought you two
vanilla martinis
and an entrée salad,
and this is how you repay me?!
And don't even bother
coming back into work tomorrow,
because you are fired!
Unless that's illegal for me to
do. Then I'll see you at 9:00.
(engine starts)
Have fun, Edie.
Uh, I mean, we want you
to book it, but have fun.
Oh, Whammy Jammies.
That's us.
Uh...
you guys go ahead. I'm
gonna use the restroom.
Okay.
Hey, man.
You, you,
you and you.
The rest of
you can go.
Uh, go where? Where do we go?
I don't care.
Am I too obvious a choice?
You going for more of
a Buscemi thing?
No, you're just
all wrong.
Oh.
All right, w-well, thank you
for your consideration.
I never considered you.
Is that, uh, Edie's competition?
She's nowhere near as cute
as Edie.
(chuckles) I love
that you're getting into this.
Kind of like the idea of Edie
being better than other babies.
Tell me about it.
You're better.
Modeling is stupid.
I don't want my granddaughter
being judged.
Since when?
Since Brad Goreski
hurt my feelings.
This is a cruel, cruel world.
Yes, you heard
me, parents.
I don't want Edie
to feel like
her entire self-worth
is wrapped up
into what other people think
of her.
You realize I said that
exact thing, right?
What'd you say?
So we're on the same side.
Sure.
Come on, let's get out of here.
Let's do something good
for Edie.
Yes. Finally!
We can take her to the...
Bachelor in Paradise?
More like Vanessa in Paradise.
This is
the best season ever.
(chuckles)
Josh, call me.
I'm waiting.
And I'm a model.
I'll take you
to the museum tomorrow.
Oh, don't pick her! Come on!
Mm, I knew
he was gonna pick her.
You never get in the hot tub.
No hot tub.
And a pool.